[Music]
all right how about having some fun
taking part in a real adventure touching
the real ancient history and earning a
lot of money and all of it at the same
time now I'm not talking about some
Kings tomb raiding I offer you to go on
a Megalodon tooth hunting adventure but
before we go in the journey it's
important to understand what kind of
beasts we're dealing with Megalodon is
an ancient marine predator a giant shark
that terrified all the inhabitants of
the seas and oceans about 23 to 2.5
million years ago this monster was the
site of a road train and weight like a
tank the strength of its bite was more
than that of a t-rex and it had about
300 teeth each of them was the size of
an adult human palm and we go hunting
for those babies no treasure hunter goes
on a journey without knowing the stakes
so here you are one such tooth is worth
from 50 to several thousand dollars ah
you can picture what you could spend
that on can't you so you on board then
let's do it first you need to prepare
what we're gonna need is a hat a whip
signal rockets oh this is not an Indiana
Jones movie hmm too bad the reality is
much simpler rubber boots we'll be
looking for teeth near the water and if
the weather is bad you'll want your feet
warm and dry snorkelling masks
um just in case a tent you might need to
spend a night under a starry sky a sharp
knife in case you have to recover a
tooth from stone a special basket or
hoop net for filtering water and dirt
you can buy one at a fishing store or do
it yourself the basket is made of metal
mesh and attached to a stick that's it
now buy a ticket and the journey begins
you can go almost anywhere New Zealand
Denmark South America Australia and many
other places around the world
Megalodon fossils were found even in the
Mariana Trench this predator swam were
it pleased and was on the top of the
food chain anywhere so no need for
remote corners of the world a place with
good climate and where civilization
isn't very far is nice
to combine relaxation and adventure
Florida then you buy a ticket for the
next flight and spend the next couple of
hours making the fishing basket looks
perfect doesn't it
I'm so proud Hey we're landing people
get off the plane and rush to meet their
families or to work or to rest you feel
special among them like a secret agent
on a mission so our next stop is the
beach you rent a jeep buy a paper map
this is more like an adventure than GPS
you're arriving to this treasure island
two hours later and what's this crowds
of people tense with lemonade even a
parking lot shops on the shore selling
fishing baskets for seven bucks and they
look better than your perfect one well
the bad news is that Megalodon tooth
hunting is one of the most popular
entertainments for local residents and
tourists alike it's like Las Vegas where
you have a fishing rod instead of
playing cards and shark teeth instead of
chips people rent yachts and scuba
diving gear to find the teeth underwater
they even pay for guided tours to places
where the teeth can be found hunting for
a Megalodon tooth was a real adventure
perhaps 100 years ago but now it's
turned into a business Florida was
underwater millions of years ago so
there are many remains of these
predators but their teeth are the most
preserved the fact is that Megalodon
like any shark could replace its teeth
when they fell out it's like a conveyor
belt a shark clung to its prey very
strongly some teeth fell out then new
ones grew in the shark's jaw all right
you're upset a little bit but you're not
giving up you go as far away from people
as possible
one mile two miles five okay stop right
there there's still a lot of people but
you're so tired that you don't care you
finally get down to fishing the process
is quite simple just rake the sand near
the water with your fishing basket small
pebbles and shelves remain in the basket
when the sea wave leaves and a shark
tooth can also be found among all this
those lucky enough find them right as
soon as they start raking the beach so
you get to work no hint of a tooth
stones some rubbish and shelves
the Sun is scorching hot you're
exhausted and want to go home or to the
nearest hotel when all of a sudden a guy
stands up not far from you looking
triumphantly at a treasure he just found
he holds out a tooth about half the size
of your palm 1,000 bucks in my pocket
says the lucky one and leaves the beach
this gives you more strength and
motivation you continue to search and
then it starts to rain you are cold and
soaked to the bone you think that's it
I'm leaving but then you notice that the
entire Beach is empty because of rain
you are alone for several miles around
it gives you a second wind
and you keep going if you don't want to
come here in such weather then come
early in the morning there will also be
very few people finally you find a tooth
not a megalodons though just an ordinary
shark's tooth no more than a couple of
inches across the bigger the more
expensive size has measured diagonally
if you find a seven-inch tooth you can
consider yourself a rich but not only
size is important but quality as well
check the cracks on the tooth the tooth
may fall apart if there are too many how
well is the enamel preserved the tooth
will be more expensive with a sharp end
root integrity is also important brle
is appreciated a thin strip between the
root in the blade of course you're
unlikely to find a perfect tooth but
such small details greatly affect the
price of your fine if the tooth looks
really bad then you can give it for
repair be ready to be two or three times
cheaper than that though it's getting
dark you're getting ready to leave the
beach when suddenly you hear missed you
there are you looking for a shark tooth
a thin old man asks you he's a local
and he looks like a magician who comes
to the aid of a hero at just the right
time of course I am you reply the old
man is impressed by your will and zeal
for the goal he chooses you and is going
to help now he knows one secret place
you can find megladon teeth there I'll
lead you to an ancient cave where
history is preserved not only teeth but
probably a hole
Ladon skeleton the old man tells you and
requires 20 bucks for it you agree the
old man can't get into the cave as he is
too weak so he tells you his secret
because you are worthy hmm it's starting
to sound vaguely familiar like the plot
of Aladdin doesn't it but you don't care
you try to get to the cave you have to
climb a mountain and squeeze through a
small gap between the stones to get
inside finally you're there sunlight
passes between the rocks and illuminates
a small as your lake there are a lot of
shells and crabs scurrying around you
are so fascinated that you don't notice
a heart drawing and a date painted on
the cave wall someone has been here
before you obviously you start digging
with sand in your fishing basket and
finally find it not seven but all of 9
inches pristine condition sharp like a
razor you can get not tens but hundreds
of thousands of dollars with such a
tooth you get out of the cave satisfied
thank the old man for help and go to the
nearest no not a pawn shop there are
special auction selling dinosaur fossils
and there are museums that will happily
buy your fine but the easiest way to
sell it is the Internet you need to
confirm its value and get a detailed
examination if you want someone to buy
the tooth you go to an archeological lab
a scientist looks at your tooth through
a microscope raises his eyes at you and
says 606 hundred thousand dollars you
specify yeah
six dollars period he says teeth like
this one are sold in a gift shop on the
next street there are so many Megalodon
tooth hunters that there are even more
people who want to make money off them
you can find thousands of fakes and very
good ones at that
on the Internet fraudsters can easily
fool you just like the old man did he
threw the tooth into the secret cave and
arranged the situation as if you had
found it ingenious you were flying back
home it's a shame that you were conned
out of twenty bucks but still you got
what you came for it wasn't about a
tooth after all but a little adventure
hey if you learn something new today
then give the video a like and share
with a friend and here are some other
cool videos I think he'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and remember
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]